i grew into a shell created and shaped by the repeated echoes of a voice that longs for grief... 
                                                                 a voice that longs for its missing half-
                                                                                                  a half it never knew it needed, 
                                                                                                  a half it never had, a half it always had... 
i don't know what's the nature of this persistance... 
is it determination? 
    a determination that isnt even mine? 
or perhaps... something born from the threads of hope... 
i can't tell... my world is falling apart... and i? 
                                                 i wreak havoc in my heaven, 
                                                                  my world, 
                                                                   a world built by my hands, 
                                                                                    my hands only! 
... and now, i stand among the ruins of what was once joyful dreams and sparking hopes... 
             i stand amist the ruins of my own making, and i question myself; 
is giving up on all of this, seeking peace from this unholy burden, seeking peace in the destruction of myself... 
was it the right thing to do?
and most importantly; 
what is this thing anymore?
and then, i take a look at my hands, 
                 a look at the shards of glass envelopping it; 
it was my choice, 
yes, 
    i chose this, 
and i still choose this...
    i still have time... 
    i can do something else aside from walking down this path... 
yet i INSIST on doing so, 
knowing damn well the futility of waiting, 
                              and fighting the abyss... 
but i no longer gaze into the abyss. 
i became the very thing surrounding me; 
         i am the abyss. 
i have became the abyss that draws volumes, 
                               and volumes of darkness to its side, growing into an uncomprehensible mass that crushes the limits of my human capacity to understand; 
what have i become? 
or maybe, just maybe, it's just driving me crazy, drawing me to the source, the origin of all insanity of the world. 
   maybe i'll become insanity itself. 
   maybe i already was madness, drowning the world in black... 
but no, my shell is too fragile to grasp its potential. 
i am destined to an eternity of suffering, 
                             of wandering, 
                             of searching 
for a name that fits the new form i grew into. 
i take a step down the memory lain... 
everything feels tight, my lungs are suffocating... 
the maze is drawing me inside of its complex... 
then i burst into a million shards, 
the blood slpinters down the stairs; 
i panic into a state of chaos, unable to hold myself from falling. 
yet, the drive of hope stil fuels my exhasuted shell... pushing me to continue this path... 
i feel the gap between me and the absolute tighten, 
smaller and smaller... 
I am about to touch the sun, 
I am close, 
     closer 
 yet closer 
to a closure I lived for. 
The nihil is rooting itself deeper into the cracks of my soul. 
An anarchist need to destroy myself for the sake of not existing, 
                                                    not feeling,
                                                and not thinking drives me to the absolute. 
i really cant hold it anymore. i keep spilling my burning self on my open wounds...
i feed the fire of despair by persistence, resilience... 
I can't remember when it started, or where it happened, 
yet all I know is to march in this dusty way. 
I really can't understand anything, 
it all seems fuzzy 
and I still mistake every face for her. 
i still mistake each familiar face for hers... 
and the truth is;  I'm starting to forget how her voice sounded like... (hopefully i remember her well) 
i continue down the memory lain...
It’s unbearable. 
It’s suffocating. 
It’s heavy. 
I don’t know how to hold myself together anymore. 
I feel like I’m about to throw up... 
                      to throw up my soul, 
                                  my very being... 
i cant bear myself... 
and i question; 
is this the price of devouring the fruits of being, 
ignorant to the bitter taste of "freedom"... 
                        and what freedom? 
i am chained down to my homeland... 
I am afraid, 
that my body's aching to reunite with the soil, 
from the womb of my mother 
  to the tomb of my father, 
all that’s between is soon to be buried under the bitter dirt... 
and it shall not see the light. 
And it screams, in disdain, the higher machine that rejected me from entering heaven. 
I cannot remember what it felt like to be whole. 
I cannot remember what it felt like to be human.