loving you, is something i would never regret. everytime i wake from my sleep, i remember fondly with cheer feelings, a warm montage of endless pictures of you in my mind, a collection of your tender voices, your soft smile, and you. days feel now emptier, but in the same way, more genuine; they are colder, but in a way that's refreshing, cold wasn't the appropriate word; it is more of that feeling of rain, rain is cold, but it brings warmth to my heart, because it is warmth.
perhaps, was this a motherly warmth i felt in u? and why a mother exactly? is it because the higher form of pure love we can feel, is toward our mothers? but i'm forgetful, and i tend to not recognize faces, even tho it emits some sort of familiarity, like if they were coated in shadows...
you can't imagine how much did i love you, that i went insane, then i became a saint, then a sinner in pain, then... idk, a loner in a well of nihil, then someone who's entire efforts went in vain...
i became all, in the name of loving you. it changes me a lot. toward the best, toward the worst, bothways, it makes me human. this... i can't define it, not because of my inability, but rather, me not wanting to. we as humans tend to define things because we'e afriad of the unknown... but i don't want to... because in defining it, we limit its existence to a simple idea in our minds. you aren't the holy angel, that saint person who's all white. you aren't just somebody that comes and go from my head. you've been you, a genuine person, which makes you more of a saint than those with a halo. you're both the light and darkness to my life. you're... and then, i forgot all the words. this...
this feeling of my own body failing me, i can't see you, i can't hear you, i can't feel you, i can't love you. i know that i love you, but my body is failing me... i am tired of this endless endeavour... i do wish you all the best... but i want to be your best... so i'm trying to be the best... and i'm afraid that i'll fail... that i'll fail God, that i'll fail you...
i broke down, for the 50th time in a row. guilt consumed me, while the cheer power of love tried to heal those toren strings, i couldnt hold on to them.
and then, that heaviness dropped. it always did. it is rather a heavy burden, that no longer feels like a burden. it is no longer a burden, but rather a responsability i take joy in.
and i woke up, from a dream, in which is it really you who i've seen, and i woke up...
i woke up up with a happy face.